on the end of philosophy, on what philosophy actually seek at all
all the expressions in this text only give one suggestion
the text cannot be read as anything lower than 'metaphysical'

the final authority/the magic

bare senses
'It is the only thing that is truly obvious.'
Not as an observation, but as that in virtue of which anything can be truly obvious at all.

'It is what should show at finality when you ask: 'On what authority did you assert such?''
Authority is understood, rather than being cited.

'It is that which one can always appeal to and everything becomes obvious.'
in understanding it gives a total trivialization of 'why'.

'It is what 'does' the world at all.'
Not Being, not Nothing, but that by which either or both obtains.

'It answers 'how about when there is nothing at all?' and 'how about when there is Being?' without appealing to anything but itself.'
Same answer, same authority, no shift in register.

Clarifications that rule out misunderstandings
'It is obviously not Being or the One, since you can literally see how much people are not made trivia with them.'
Criterion of failure: continued non-triviality. or say, it is simply obvious

'It is not some observation of obviousness.'
presumptions of conflating the results with the magic.

'It is not to say that it cannot be understood or expressed.'
To not be presumptuous on ineffability, silence, and subjectivism.

'I'm not asking 'what is it?' - I'm asking: have we understood the magic?'
Understanding is not naming or gesturing.

for a baby appearances are just 'magically so'
for science 'why does rules does the world at all' is answered with 'it just does, magically so'
why does this does the world? it does, magically so
THAT magically so is what in need to be understood, it what we always appeal to to make everything works, what behind that name is the true understanding

does your understanding make everything obvious?

have we understood the magic at all?
the magic itself is the only that is worth engaging with
barely sense it and try to understand it is the start
to have understood it is the end

that is to say we should not accept anything as 'magically so' (that is to say if anything need acceptance as magically so, it is then inherently not)
it is to say that when we have understood the literal magic itself, it is simply obviously so

Meta-philosophical verdicts that frame it
'Philosophy has not understood it at all, and hence has always been presumptuous and arbitrary.'
'Philosophy has no authority yet.'
'This is the most pro-philosophy position, not some 'philosophy never ends' nonsense.'
'For now, philosophy can only end with a repeating of some name that it deemed 'authoritative', magically so.'
'the question is not the question of a certain kind, it is the question itself, it is what beings in the world is asked the moment it is born'

condensations
That which, when appealed to, leaves no further 'on what authority?' - not by prohibition or silence, but because it is utterly obviously the authority that make everything else trivial.

trivialization is not make nonsensical, but that which makes everything obvious and makes total sense, what is authorized becomes absolutely obvious like the authority itself, what is not is then simply meaningless nonsense

It is the canonical understanding at all. the canonical understanding of the world itself

it is THE understanding by which anything counts as understanding rather than nonsense in the first place.

it is the understanding that, in such understanding, it is understood also that this understanding is obviously absolutely the understanding itself. it is not that it is self reflective or anything like this, it is simply obviously so (magically so)

it answers there being anything at all doing anything at all

pedagogically put 
put the absolutely obviously authoritative understanding for 'the world' as A
then only by understanding A does any other so claimed 'understanding' is counted to be a understanding at all or just literally is meaningless nonsense
'what do you mean with 'a understanding' if it has absolutely does not have anything to do with the world at all?'
the understanding for the world itself is not the world itself, but it is that this understanding understands the world itself (for understanding is not seeing it all)
roughly put, it not about intelligibility, it is about 'the world' (the meaning/understanding for 'the world') and hence only what for the true sense of 'the world' counts as understanding at all
grasping the world in its true sense
'the world' is the same name as 'the magic', 'the authority', these are the name for literally the world itself
'the world in its true sense' is the same name as 'the understanding', 'the authoritative understanding', and these are absolutely obviously canonically for 'the world' once it is understood

the world itself is the authority for 'its canonical understanding' and hence 'the understanding' is obvious in of itself
the canonical understanding for the world is not the world itself, but the world itself is the only authority for that understanding and hence when we have it, it is should be obvious

for the world is the authority for its canonical understanding, should it then even has some other understanding that refutes the canon? obviously not
the canonical understanding of the world is just 'what the world inherently is', and hence only has one canonical understanding, other small understandings that are authorized are those that are already inherent within the canonical understanding, basically they are just explicitations of it 
how can the world manage to has a understanding beyond it? let alone have a say for it or not?
so the world where it is understood as 'only Being just is ever' does not even has a understanding that is inherently alternative to that understanding at all
but yet there is such a understanding 'when there is nothing', and this force that 'understanding of Being' appeal to itself, faked itself as the world to claim the world authority to be able to reject via fiat 'when there is nothing' as nonsensical (or force it to be understood as some strawman non-being). 
but the point is that if the world is truly to be understood as 'Being just is ever' then it should not have a understanding of 'when there is nothing' at all
a world where 'Being just is ever' simply does not has any such understanding as 'when there is nothing' at all, as those understandings such a world can ever have are just 'non-beings' which are just 'beings-in-a-not-so-positive-way' which are still beings at all, not what is meant with 'when there is nothing'
yet THE world, our world, has 'when there is nothing' as a understanding
that is to say, the world has a understanding 'when there is Being' and a understanding 'when there is nothing', of course when we are presumptious and put an 'at all' to any of them and treat it as the canonical, then it can appeal to itself and rejects the other, but the point is that if the world is actually to be understood as any of them, then the other understanding is not even had to even be rejected
exactly because the world has the understanding 'when there is nothing' we understand then that 'when there is Being' cannot be the canonical understanding, for 'Being at all', 'only Being', 'Being always', 'Being just is', these are when we are presumptious and put authority on 'when there is Being'

the world is the world, hence it has its canonical understanding since the canon is still in-the-world, and the worse case is that this canon is the world itself, for then the world always understand itself, so the worse case is a trivial case. whether or not beings can understand the canon at all is decided by the world itself also (the world is obviously the absolutely authority of the world). meaning is simply being 'in' a meaning (which is just another being, or 'a' the-world-in-this-way), and for the worse case the being is its own meaning
this is regardless of whether meaning is dynamic or static.

and the question for the understanding is what asked with 
'have we understood the world at all?'
or
'has understanding ever understood at all?'

