this firstly itself, that
these firstly itself, those
1. the problem of permutations
for this is later to that, we ask how about that is later to this?
but should this or that still mean the same as such?
for the that that now is later to this, simply not is, the that that prior to to this.
2. the problem of up until.
for this is later to that, we ask how about them both happens at once?
but should this or that still mean the same as such?
for the this that is now at once with that, simply not is, the this that is later to that.
3. the problem of alternative global case.
for it seems that the case of where only these two firstly themselves, is not compatible with the case of where only this one firstly itself, and any sense of these also.
but for this firstly itself, we ask it, how about these firstly themselves at once with it?
can the this has any authority to reject them? for they firstly themselves, who can have a say that the case does not have them?
for the case that does not have them as in the case of where there is only one firstly themselves, inherently seems like there is a principle reject these firstly themselves.
for this concern violate these firstly themselves, as it impose relevancy. it is to be deemded, belongs to the realm of relevancy.
and the case can only mean these firstly themselves.
4. the problem of first.
for these first itself means that these are newest. they means these along with all those older (not sure if it mean all those older or all those older including those that just newly themselves but simply older than these newest), meaning that the case is total and the total is newest with these.
we ask can these firstly themselves alone? the first of all the first, the first of all those firstly themselves. and the first of these firstly themselves after some those firstly themselves, this is to say for these.0 and then these.1, should there be those.1 most first in these.1?
for nought, these firstly itself, should there be those most first in these?
similarly, for these.0 and then these.1, we can simply ignore these.0 for it does not have anything to do with these.1, and so, should there be those.1 most first in these.1?
these firstly themselves, we do not reject the current totality, for each firstly itself, each is itself.
but should we reject understanding these firstly itself without any those before it? for 'those' here does not mean those that is ignored, but those also that is newly firstly themselves. that is to say 'these firstly themselves', does it mean that it is only 'one new layer' or a 'stepless'?
those ignored, these?
or 
those ignored, those-these?

the thing with 'these' is that it must firstly mean 'all those before it also', so we are trying to find the minimal 'these' where there is simply nothing before it, but, that which being ignored, basically
those ignored (could be nought), this mean the case before 'these new ones'
these new ones, where it mean:
these (the newest), and those (the newly also but simply older than the 'these' and newer than 'those-ignored')
so in 
nought, those-these
the term 'these' alone must mean also 'nought is prior' or 'those-ignored' is prior, and we ask if 'those' in 'those-these' can be eliminated
when we zoom in
nought, those.0-these.0, we zoom at the 'those.0', and it just give us another
nought, those.1-these.1
where both those.1 and these.1, are older than the these.0 and some those.0 (since if not it seems that we has succesfully separated the newest layer these.0)

we want it to be timely (trivial), but not stepy
the understanding leads us to a strange sense of stepless where somehow there is not even those right after nought, not neccesarily mean nonsense per se.

there is 'ordering' (new and old), for this is 'timely', but irrelevant ordering, not in the old sense ordering.
if there is not ordering (timely) it would just mean 'all at once'.

the possitive understanding of 'these' is strictly meaningless, since it require a thing that relevant to them
for the current case of these, is, the current case of these (it is itself, each is itself), it not that they are not 'there', it is just the case as such, not 'a' understanding, since we are only of a single this.
for 'they' are there, so 'what it's like being the case (them)' is just 'the case itself' (them themselves).
for 'what it's like being that', the answer is, it is meaningless to ask if 'this' understands, but 'that' definitively itself.
