this firstly itself
1. the problem of having inherent total alternative.
for this firstly itself having this stage and that stage, for this stage is prior to that stage, and when that stage this stage is entirely within it, while when this stage that stage is nowhere to be found (or is found in the 'potential' of the current stage). needlessly to say this stage is inherent and totally an alternative to that stage, in the sense that only in that stage does all stage are, while in this stage 'the stage of all of them is not the same'.
we then ask, when 'this stage', what happens outside of this firstly itself?
for when the outside does not case, it seems that the inner stage of this having care to the outside. for when the inner stage, say, happens on its own and be done, it seems that the outside waits for it to be done.
we do not even need to appeal to waiting, we simply say that it developes, accumulates its history, without any wait, and the 'wait' is understood in the sense that 'even if it developes immediately all of them', relevantly some is prior to the latter, and hence this should have 'what it's like', this is the 'wait' we been seeking.
but the problem is not about the wait, it is about the actual case, for developing simply mean there must be a case where it is not the final case (fully developed), even if each step took no wait, as such we ask what happens 'outside' when this inner case is itself?
it is forked to be understood as firstly itself at once (for all within this firstly itself).
we then ask where is the 'wait' (not neccesarity a 'metaphysical' one, but the 'what it's like' in just for this).

for how about 'the wait' is the 'what it's like' when the all at once has a baked in 'developemental relevancy' (the metaphysic of the whole net itself is still at once though).
for to say the 'what it's like' for that, is the same, for the 'what it's like' when there is no such thing, seems problematic
it then mean that all 'what it's like' of any 'stage' within it does not determine each other at all but simply being this itself and being those also (per limitless relevancy), since the whole is already there, so there is no mechanical determism in the old sense, yet there is no choice also (no mechanics at all)
it is as free as the firstly itself since the whole thing firstly itself.