what is the world without the world?
what is the world without the state that it currently is? but then this is all there is at all (obvious), so how can this then 'create' other state? if the other state is not already there at all?
but the very moment you say that the state is there somehow, then the world now only is the world agian, is the current state it currently is, so what does it mean for it to 'swap' or 'change' state at all? for the state after or before the swap must already be there somewhere also, and hence the problem is always there
by 'magic' that the world did not have that at all and yet still manage to change or generate, by magic that this utterly new state stem from the current world? but this is not magic appeal only once on this current world, since if it does only appeal once then all of this 'new' are already there in the one magic, and the magic is the 'veil' of the 'already there', the magic is appeal to say 'that it is not already there' not that it actually and inherently not there (it inherently is). and if not so, then each new state is literally an appeal to magic and an appeal that such magic must stem 'here', that is to say 'somehow' magic stems where there is no magic at all, and we called this 'its magic'
that is to say even the magic is the magic, and so if there is a magical thing that has magical things, those already 'where it is' already, and all of this at all is the state of the current world. again we ask, how can it then 'create' another magic that is not of it at all?
all of this should be obvious already

the point is this if the world is Being, fine, let call it the world 'now', the world now is obviously exhaustively itself (if you say the otherwise what do you even mean?)
this world is obviously not the world at 'the next moment' (or some other moment (this does not matter at all))
but WHERE is the next moment came from if it not already 'there' in the world 'now'
but that would mean nothing can came out and replace the world
the state of the world now is not the state of the world next moment
so WHERE are these state IN each other?
so the next moment is from 'magic', but when i ask where is the magic, you then say, the magic is the prior state of the world, or say the prior state of the world is the magic that stem this new magic, but this would just mean it already there

two state of the world is different, yet at any moment, there can be only one state the world itself currently is?
then where any other state?
if the other state is in potential, then where is the state of the whole world where that potential state is actual and the old state is potential?
so there is a meta potential, and so on, which, does not matter at all
for the question ask, 'what is the current state of the world?', and if it has then we back at it, and if it does not have then it effectively saying 'the world is not the world at all'
so the other state must then 'magically so' and where does this magic came from? it came from the old state!
so the magic cannot from the old state, yet they force it be, and use another magic (which also from the old state) to mask them all at once!
and then the spell wears off, for the next next state they need to appeal to an entirely new magic all over again (irrelevant to the old magics), this is where we say 'this is pure nonsense'