not understanding does not mean magic.
magic means this firstly itself.
meaning and understanding and comprehending roughly refer to the same being (that is to say using these to explain any of themselves is to be deemed circular).
we understand for sure understanding is a being, this is trivial.
and it understands what it means with 'nothing at all (lit)' (which i will sometimes refer as 'nought'), and it answer: 'there is nothing at all', or say 'there is nothing at all to understand', not as a rejection outright or say that it is plainly nonsense, its answer shows its understanding.
note here 'nought' means nothing at all as absolutely first, not 'assumed being (which make being first) removing all of it yeld', no, this is just merely non-being, or no-thing, this does not mean like 'nought'.
'the understanding of nought' is strictly a being, and absolutely does not has anything to do with nought, since, you understand that 'there is nothing at all' so, 'there is nothing at all to understand'.
for knowing or thinking cannot do that task, these presumptious being should not be used in philosophy as if they are not presumptious and not having metaphysical demands.
understanding understanding, or say 'what does understanding means?', or say 'do you understand understanding?' should be a main concern.
for it seems that it understand various beings, it also understand 'that it understand' or 'that it is', yet 'does it understand understanding?'
'what does understanding mean?' and if someone say 'it mean you understand', it mean they say it understand 'that it understand'.
it understand that it can understand being itself without understanding itself.
it understand just by merely listing its feats that it is not the same as other beings (ie. thinking or knowing).
it understand that if it does not understand itself (currently), it currently cannot say anything about its limits, that is to say it knows no limits (although it also understand that when it understand being itself it should understand its limits since being itself or say 'the case itself/the truth itself' is the final authority of well ... the case itself, but this only mean that it understand its limits not understanding itself).
for one may know 'that X "is" Y, Z', one may not understand X itself or Y itself, one merely can recognize or distinguish that such is called X and that it 'is' Y, Z, without actually understanding any of them.
there simply is no way to know if someone truly understand something, for knowing can say all the thing understanding can say, the response of understanding 'that X is Y' is roughly the same as the response where one simply knows 'that X is Y', but in the prior it is lesser than 'this is what i learned' or 'that just how it is, magically so' but more about that 'X itself inherently means such'.
but it itself understands 'that it understands or not', so one should be honest about it.
it is not that it creates meaning, this is entirely nonsense, but 'the meaning of X' is already there 'somewhere' and now it manages to have it, understanding X is to have the meaning of X, and this statement is purely trivial, it barely is a renaming.
to know the meaning of X, is to literally say again, to understand X, for it seems the 'braindead' knowing somehow play a crutial role here, but in fact in this case it is just another name for understanding (of course this is assuming that 'to know the meaning' does not to mean 'to have the meaning and not understanding it').
for it to understand itself, it first need to understand 'the meaning of X', for this has something very peculiar, with the phrase 'the meaning of nothing at all', for now 'nothing at all' is the meaning of 'the meaning of nothing at all' so as any 'the X of nothing at all'. but nought, nought 'itself', does not have anything to do with being while any meaning is strictly being. so 'the meaning of nought' does not actually having anything to do with nought, but this is because 'there is nothing at all to mean anything'.
but first, 'the meaning of a being' for if this is a part of the being itself? 
for the meaning of a being is not merely 'that being itself' for the rock itself only has 'what it's like to be it' not 'the meaning of the rock' or 'to understand the rock', it also does not belongs to some other being like a human which has the mode of understanding, for the meaning is a being of its own, already there.
with the understanding of a being, all the implications about it may be pursuit without worry (that it will never be incorrect), but this is just the result of understanding, not understanding itself.
but now it seems, that for the meaning of X is another being, then the meaning of the meaning of X is also another being, infinite beings about this very thing, but to understand X itself seems to be direct (without the need of understanding 'what it means' with 'the meaning of X').
for when i ask 'do you understand understanding X' it is clear that i do not mean 'do you understand X'
and now we face another and another layer 'do you understand understanding understanding X'?
each of that simply just ask the same question 'do you understand understanding?' so we cannot even aproach understand understanding from a being but itself.
the meaning of understanding, it outthere  somewhere, as it is a being
so at least we can be sure that if we 'have it' we would understand it, but not so certain if understanding itself can 'find' it

the understanding of nought, require the naive understanding of being, but it then understand that nought itself does not need being (simply cause there is nothing at all to need)
the referent in this chain of understanding are very strange to say the least
while it does this, it does not concern at all with what are we concerning, it does so immediately, and because it understand already, when it face some sentence that suggest that nought having something to do with being, from the understanding it already has, it then say such assertion is nonsense
the answer of when it is asked 'what do you understand about X' in itself does not NOT need understanding, that is to say the understanding is not what it answers
for when it answer its understanding about nought as 'there is nothing at all', this sentence does still need understanding for someone who does not understand 'nothing at all'
the understanding of nought and all the beings that 'could' be understood as such, are already there, we then should say the understanding is more primary. so then we say 'nought' we does not actually 'give out' nought itself, we are give out some beings that is secondary to the understanding of nought. that is to say, the understanding of nought is all we have and we want other people to understand it via giving its 'children'.
but who understand nought in the first place to have the understanding of nought? in fact, this kind of question shows the mistake when considering the understanding as not a being of their own but need a host, in fact the understanding of nought is simply outthere and when we encounter randomly or magically perhaps its children, we simply understand it or not.
the peculiar point is that we somehow has the being which understands  (the understand, not the meaning (ie the understand of)), and this understanding meets children of meanings and then obtain the meanings
the meaning of X is a mode of being which understand X
beings can assume such mode of being
for understanding is obviously a mode of being, understanding X is also just a mode of being
for a static being where its start is where it being in a way that understand X is not problematic.

for if there is an example of a understanding of some X,  where it clearer than just assuming the understanding of that X?
some may say the understanding of a circle, but they would then elaborate the children of what that means, for it they want to go beyond such they have to answer 'here those that i understand about my understanding of a circle', which, we already understand that it just another form of asking understanding understanding.

for one does not give the circle itself directly, one may give beings that assumed being circular, and then the other may then by their own capacity of distinguish beings, notice that among these beings there is a being (or say a mode, whatever, they are roughly the same) in common, but this does not mean they would then assume that mode (ie. they becomes circular), for the distinguishing of those beings that have the same beings in itself, and the distinguishing of the mode circular from each circular beings, each has 'what it's like', each of these is what one is assuming. but again, it seems that in here one does not actually understand a circle, one just only know what it's like distinguishing what is called 'circle' from beings. so it seems that the meaning of a circle is a separate and somewhat relevant being in of itself.
for all beings are relevant to each other in some sense, this obvious, they are all beings, so children of meanings are very relevant to the meaning itself, when we encounter children of meanings and assuming it, we inevitably are relevant to the meaning itself, and we then may assume it or not, and for 'how we assume anything being at all' seems to depends on that being itself (ie. certain kinds of beings having different way to assume it, not entirely different, it may have something similar since they are all beings afterall).

when the child fisrt ask its parents, 'what is that', it actually asking 'what is the name of that magical', it already accept to understand that as magical and it would just like to understand what to refer of it. this child is already presumptious
the parent may be confuse and ask 'why do you just ask for it name?', (that is to say why you dont ask why), the child is confuse, they now do not understand what is said, or just not confuse and understand those words as just magic
for understanding seems to only understand as magic, it is magical in the sense that it can understand what is more magical, the magical that is magical like it. but it has made a mistake by that very first naming question and now will keep making more.
it then see some smaller thing within the magical thing it already named, and ask 'what is the name of that thing?' it ask further because the first name is not magical enough, the understanding inherently being this way without understand itself this way, but here comes the mistake, the new name of the thing is even less magical, so its drive becomes even stronger.
after some more time and some more repeating, the drive is strong enough that it can ask the 'why', it knows that this would show more stuff to be understand as magic. this is the birth of science.
beings has tricked it to think that more beings are more magical, the smaller we goes they say, but it inherently feels less and less magical.
the act of science will only result in things less magical, the more it finds the more magic is shared, and the more 'why' keeps comming, and less magical and more empty
because its very first question is presumptious.
it already assume 'that' is magical, and this trigger its further presumptions.
even if it only ask 'this', ask its very first perspective, it could still be presumptious and treat it as Being (in some Being-in-this-way sense) and as a there.
it, in final understanding is a when, so basically what it magical is what is less and less presumptious, it from that, to this, to itself, and to 'when', for when is the thing itself as most magical most brute, and since understanding already is when understanding, this is the basis of its being without it knowing how it understand, it understand towards being least presumptions, most magical, and curtially, this requires only itself (sine it already when it)
so understanding only ever needing itself to understand the final truth 'when understanding', but now it look back at those presumptions, it do appreciate them, for they are magical-in-its-way, that is to say, if we call Being as the when Being, then beings are Being-in-these-way, so there is only Being (when Being) all along, all is there all is magical insofar as it is Being-in-these-way.
for understanding is 'swaying towards what more magical/brute/least-presumptious/so-so-itself/when', or 'understanding understanding' (which just is 'understanding')
or say the magical magics itself, or when when
more so-so-itself
more finally itself
more firstly itself
more when 
not simplicity, this is already presumptious
for the literal magic
for all of this is to be understood as 'when'
when 'when'

for when this is immediately where this (when this already)
for understanding starts when-it-already, when understanding immediately where understanding, it start already being/where itself, start with the magic already on the where/Being yet feels not magical enough, while cannot quite see through it, and it spot/understand beings (seek magic in it), for this is its first mistake
understanding is swaying for the most magical
the magical swaying for itself
magic that is so magical that it is irreducibly magic
understanding understands the magic of understandings in itself
understanding in itself understands the magic of understandings
understandings are magic-in-those-ways-that-some-ways-are-magical-in-it, true understanding is the magic-in-the-way-that-itself-is-magical-in-it, or the magic-in-the-way-that-the-magic-is-magical-in-it, or the magic-in-the-way-that-in-itself-itself-is-in-the-way-that-it-is, or the magic-in-the-way-that-in-itself-itself-is-in-this-way
understanding in understanding is in the way understanding is in
understanding being itself is understanding-magic
that is to say pure understanding understands itself as magic-in-this-way, the whole phrase is just 'understanding', its default state is 'understood'
when understood in understandings, it then confuse what is magic


the understood magic itself (the full understanding of magic) is magic-in-this-way, called 'understood'
understanding is understood-in-this-way (which is called not understood yet), and this understanding require only itself to understand it is understood-in-this-way (understanding fully understand itself and hence also understood (and since understand is understood that mean understood understand itself)), basically mean magic understand itself

since understanding understands beings as it magically is so, for the understanding. it is then indeed the understanding is those beings-in-a-way, the understanding literally in those beings, so now it deemed them as magically so.
so when understanding understands Being, it in Being directly, it is directly Being-in-this-way, while still is some beings-in-these-ways. while it does not understand Being, it understand beings as magically so since it now directly in those beings, it could be some of those beings are directly Being-in-these-ways, that is, in some sense understanding still is Being in some sense but not directly.
when a baby see some beings and deemed it as magically so, the baby in fact is in the world and directly in those beings, that why there is nothing more to it for the baby. the baby as such, as in the world in such a way deemed being-it is obvious, deemed beings that it in are obvious.
so when we get close to another person, we are indeed more 'in' it, we understand it more, we literally is more it-in-a-way.